# datahandler documentation

Package to parse data from the raw .csv files generated by the Bpod to clean .csv files or matlab files 
and to generate daily and intersession reports.

## How to use it

1. Open a terminal window, activate your python environment and go to a suitable location.

2. Download the package:

    `git clone https://delaRochaLab@bitbucket.org/delaRochaLab/datahandler.git`

3. Go to the package directory.

    `cd datahandler`

4. Install it (remember to have your desired environment activated):

    `pip install -e .`
    
5. Run it:

    `datahandler`
    
    
## New tasks

The main routine reads all the .csv files in the selected path and assigns a parse, daily, 
intersession and matlab routine to each one of them. To parse data and create reports for new tasks, you only need 
to change the files inside the tasks folder.

1. Open the file: `tasks/selected_taks.py` Follow the instructions at the top of the file to create a new import section
and a new condition with the new tasks names.

2. Create a new file: `tasks/yourtask_parse.py` to parse your data. Use the same structure as the other parse files.

3. Create a new file: `tasks/yourtask_daily_report.py` to create individual reports per session.
Use the same structure as the other daily_report files.

4. Create a new file: `tasks/yourtask_intersession_report.py` to create reports per groups of sessions.
Use the same structure as the other intersession_report files.

5. OPTIONAL. Create a new file: `tasks/yourtask_to_matlab.py` to create matlab files from the data.
Use the same structure as the other to_matlab files.
    

